1: The maps where Kenja was by themselves (Gravity Falls, Rolling Girl, Jeff Bezos, Gurenge) had a few awkward parts but overall were readable and somewhat fun to play. However, there are definitely parts where the map felt inconsistent in the representation of the mapping itself. Whether or not BeatKenja is a new mapper or an AI was hard to tell because the patterning made sense just representation was inconsistent. The later maps (Malefisole, Requiem Harumachi) were unreadable messes with resets and awkward patterning akin to a first map you would see in the testplays in the mapping or BSMG discords.
2: there were some patterns that were a bit wide or uncomfortable to hit. but overall, this is a LOT better than BeatSage. i believe this could be a really cool tool that could genuinely be used by people that are either not mappers, or people that just dont want to take the time to map a song
3: block stacking with each others- like there is two other blue or blue and red block in the same place on the map and theyre jumping into other one
4: My only issue (a small one) is that it needs better song representation. The mapping itself is decent.
5: Some choices in timing, triangles, JS/Offset, some patterns (but better than other auto-mappters)
6: Not sure if it's just me but the notes felt slightly off time but that could be a me problem.
7: Honestly, at first they looked very auto generated. Once I scrolled down.. I realized.
8: some angles in maps come out of nowhere with no regard to the emphasis of the song
9: I didn't knew that a tool can generate a map more linear than linear mappers do.
10: didn't flow well imo but the jeff bezos map was fine for the most part
11: resets, upstarts, visionblocks. some patterns were cool though
12: not good musical representation, mostly no creative patterns
13: Felt out of sync or not with the beat most of the time
14: no, i was actually surprised that there was parity
15: random flow that did no correlate with music
16: inconsistent following of the beat
17: 2 notes in 1 resets and 0 flow
18: no
