1: Good representation of the music through the mapping style (speed, tech, acc, challenge) with patterns that make sense on a first or second playthrough at the skill of the player it is meant for. The other is consistency of the mapping throughout the map. Lastly and most important is having low errors in mapping like vision blocks, double directionals, controller clashing. No one wants to play a map that is littered with errors making it hard to read. In the end this question is biased each player likes a different style and will always give different answers.
2: not be copy paste too much; map style must fit the music like when you hear speed core its not gonna be acc map; not be too easy, fast or tech parts are giving more taste; technically any map can be good, just at least one 'this one' player must find it and fell in love
3: Good flow, predictable angles (even in high star tech, what I mean is when you play the map once you understand it, angles arent random), if the map has a gimmick (sideway inlines etc) it stays consistent with it (abc's yokatta is a great example)
4: Good flow, follows normal map guidelines, has fun movements. (If a player likes it but I don't, it could still be a good map, it could just be me that dislikes it.)
5: Good flow, "fun" patterns not simply up and down, resets are ok if they fit the song well, similar song parts should have consistent block placement on the beats,
6: no resets, vision blocks, stacked notes, up-starts or other common mapping errors, patterns that are representing the music in an interesting and fitting way
7: Representation of the music. Timed correctly. Subjective, but fun and creative patterns that makes you want to come back.
8: fun patterns, good song representation, no parity errors or other mapping mistakes
9: i think it needs good flow, so the previous swing follows through to the next
10: good flow, variety, and (depending on the goal of the map) a little movement
11: uniqueness, cool patterns, NJS that makes sense, diverse patterns
12: interesting patterns, good flow, matches with music
13: good note timing and flowy patterns that are fun
14: good playability, represents the song
15: flow, a form of continuity and fun
16: A good flow, and fit with the song
17: variety and imagination
18: fun
